hi everybody Omar went back to another
tutorial for my simply series range of
books now I'm going to be taking you
through last night in Paris from my
simply romantic book if you want to know
where I got the book from there's gonna
be a link coming up above my head now or
there'll be a direct link in the
description bar underneath this video so
if you want to know how to play last
night in Paris from simply romantic then
please keep watching so if you feel the
first thing I'm going to do is play it
all the way through and then I'll take
you through any part of the music
okay so the first thing I want to go
through is bar four and then bar five
the key signature says that you've got
an F sharp and a C sharp so this is all
the C's technically should be in there
stretched position which means they
should be tucked in right behind the
third finger however on bar full you've
got a couple of C Naturals which means
they're going to be tucked in right
behind the first finger so just have
them back next to the first finger and
then in bar five it says a C sharp again
as normal so you're going to be
stretching that C so if I take you
through bar four it will be there so
they're back twos now stretch and then
you can just carry on as normal
watch the fourth finger for the B in bar
seven just make sure that's stretched
enough so that B is gonna be a good
finger width away so if you think the
third finger is gonna be on that dot
that B is normally a good finger width
apart so basically if I can put my put
my third finger down put my other finger
next to it and then put my fourth finger
take it away and that's how much of a
gap I need for that B so just be aware
that that is in tune otherwise it'll
sound nobody wants that so just make
sure it is wide enough it would be a
good idea to just you look at the violin
at that point just so you're not kind of
you're not looking at the music and then
put a guessing where you've got to put
your finger down so the only other part
is probably the the last sort of few few
bars at the end where you've got those
Cueva all those eighth notes just
practice those
so it's just nice slow practice but
basically they're either all arpeggios
or mostly scales so it's it should be
fairly self-explanatory you've got some
more up the top there in bar nine and
ten
but again just a nice flow practice this
should be taking a quite a steady speed
but I mean you can sort of play a little
bit slower you can play a little bit
faster however you sort of feel the mood
so it suits you for last night
in Paris so there we go I think that's
everything I need to mention for last
night none Paris don't forget to check
in the description bar directly
underneath this video because I'll have
linked all the other books series and
all the videos that goes with those and
I've got simply country and simply jigs
and reels simply gypsies happy chance
blues and rags so they'll all be linked
underneath there and thank you for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video